Document Goshimmer API (#1342)
iotaledger/goshimmer: docs/apis/spammer.md

# Spammer API Methods

> The Spammer tool lets you add messages to the tangle when running GoShimmer.

Reviewer: Add a note that reminds users to enable spammer in order to use the api.

The API provides the following functions and endpoints:

* [/spammer](#spammer)

Client lib APIs:
* [ToggleSpammer()](#client-lib---togglespammer)

##  `/spammer`

In order to start the spammer, you need to send GET requests to a `/spammer` API endpoint with the following parameters:

### Parameters

| **Parameter**            | `cmd`      |
|--------------------------|----------------|
| **Required or Optional** | required       |

> | **Description**          | Action to perform. One of two possible values: `start` and `shutdown`.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| **Description**          | Action to perform. One of two possible values: `start` and `stop`.   |
```

| **Type**                 | `string`         |

| **Parameter**            | `mpm`      |
|--------------------------|----------------|

> | **Required or Optional** | required       |

Reviewer: This is optional. default: `mpm=1`

| **Description**          | Messages per minute. Only applicable when `cmd=start`.   |
| **Type**                 | `int`         |

> | **Parameter**            | `imif`      |

Reviewer: Would be nice to add `(Inter Message Issuing Function)`

|--------------------------|----------------|
| **Required or Optional** | optional       |
| **Description**          | Parameter indicating time interval between issued messages. Possible values: `poisson`, `uniform`. Field only available in HTTP API. |

> | **Type**                 | `string`         |

Reviewer 2: See comment above.

Description of `imif` values:
* `poisson` - emit messages modeled with Poisson point process, whose time intervals are exponential variables with mean 1/rate
* `uniform` - issues messages at constant rate 

### Examples

#### cURL

```shell
curl --location 'http://localhost:8080/spammer?cmd=start&mpm=1000'
curl --location 'http://localhost:8080/spammer?cmd=start&mpm=1000&imif=uniform'
curl --location 'http://localhost:8080/spammer?cmd=shutdown'
```

#### Client lib - `ToggleSpammer()`

> Messages can be retrieved via `ToggleSpammer(enable bool, mpm int) (*jsonmodels.SpammerResponse, error)`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Spammer can be enabled and disabled via `ToggleSpammer(enable bool, mpm int) (*jsonmodels.SpammerResponse, error)`
```
